Video Descriptions

Video S1
Control C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 1.
Video S2
sur-6 RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 1.
Video S3
lmn-1 RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 1.
Video S4
16h dhc-1 RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 1.
Video S5
lis-1 RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure S1.
Video S6
zyg-12 RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 1.
Video S7
sun-1 RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure S1.
Video S8
Control C. elegans zygotes expressing EBP2:GFP. Single confocal plane. Related to Figure 2 and Figure S2.
Video S9
Control C. elegans zygotes expressing DHC-1:mNeonGreen. Single confocal plane. Related to Figure 3 and Figure S3.
Video S10
Control C. elegans zygotes expressing EBP2:GFP. Single TIRF illuminated plane. Related to Figure 4.
Video S11
Cytosim-based simulation of centrosome separation displaying pronuclei (female – teal and male – beige), inward (white) and outward (green) microtubules, centrosomes (green), cortical Dynein-microtubule binding (red) and nuclear envelope-associated Dynein-microtubule binding (blue). Related to Figure 5 and Figure S5.
Video S12
sur-6 and lmn-1 co-depletion via RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 6.
Video S13
lis-1 and zyg-12 co-depletion via RNAi in C. elegans zygotes expressing H2B:GFP and g-tubulin:GFP. Maximum intensity projection of confocal stacks. Related to Figure 6.
